Update ReadMe with Insert and Select Queries (#61)
supabase-community/supabase-swift: README.md

- Other Social Logins if using a webview will be similar to above and just follow the [Supabase's Documentation](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/auth/) for their setup

## Basic CRUD Implementation

Import and Initialize the Supabase client

```swift
let client = SupabaseClient(supabaseURL: "{ Supabase URL }", supabaseKey: "{ Supabase anonymous Key }")
```

### Insert Data

Create a model which follows the data structure of your table.

```swift
struct InsertModel: Encodable {
    let id: Int? // you can choose to omit this depending on how you've setup your table
    let title: String?
    let desc: String?
}

let insertData = InsertModel(title: "Test", desc: "Test Desc")

> let query = client.database
>             .from("{ Your Table Name }")
>             .insert(values: insertData,
>                     returning: .representation) // you will need to add this to return the added data
>             .select(columns: "id") // specifiy which column names to be returned. Leave it empty for all columns
>             
> Task {
>     do {
>         if let response = try? await query.execute(),
>            let data = try? response.underlyingResponse.data  {
>            let returnArray = try JSONDecoder().decode([InsertModel].self, from:  data)
>             print("### Returned: \(returnArray.first)")
>         }
>     } catch {
>         print("### Insert Error: \(error)")
>     }
> }

Reviewer: You don't need to manually decode the response, every `Respnse` returned has ` value` property that returns the decoded model, you just need to help Swift figure it out the type.

Also when creating the query, you can specify that you want a `single` value to be returned.

```suggestion
let query = client.database
            .from("{ Your Table Name }")
            .insert(values: insertData,
                    returning: .representation) // you will need to add this to return the added data
            .select(columns: "id") // specifiy which column names to be returned. Leave it empty for all columns
            .single() // specify you want to return a single value.
            
Task {
    do {
        let response: InsertModel = try await query.execute().value
        print("### Returned: \(response)")
    } catch {
        print("### Insert Error: \(error)")
    }
}
```

Author: Oh that's pretty cool.

```

### Select Data

Using the same model as before

```swift
let insertData = InsertModel(title: "Test", desc: "Test Desc")
let query = client.database
            .from("{ Your Table Name }")
            .select() // keep it empty for all, else specify returned data
            .match(query: ["title" : insertData.title, "desc": insertData.desc]) // equal to multiple or single 
            
Task {
    do {
        if let response = try? await query.execute(),
           let data = try? response.underlyingResponse.data  {
            let returnArray = try JSONDecoder().decode([InsertModel].self, from:  data)
            print("### Returned: \(returnArray.first)")
        }
    } catch {
        print("### Insert Error: \(error)")
    }

> }

Reviewer: Same thing as the insert example, you can define as `single` and use `value`'s response to fetch a decoded object.

Author: @grsouza Updated.
